site/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://roots.io/bedrock/">
    <img alt="Bedrock" src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/logo-bedrock.svg" height="100">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="LICENSE.md">
    <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/roots/bedrock?color=%23525ddc&style=flat-square" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/roots/bedrock">
    <img alt="Packagist" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/roots/bedrock.svg?style=flat-square" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://github.com/roots/bedrock/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/roots/bedrock/CI?style=flat-square" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://twitter.com/rootswp">
    <img alt="Follow Roots" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/rootswp.svg?style=flat-square&color=1da1f2" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>A modern WordPress stack</strong>
  <br />
  Built with ❤️
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://roots.io">Official Website</a> | <a href="https://roots.io/docs/bedrock/master/installation/">Documentation</a> | <a href="CHANGELOG.md">Change Log</a>
</p>

## Supporting

**Bedrock** is an open source project and completely free to use.

However, the amount of effort needed to maintain and develop new features and products within the Roots ecosystem is not sustainable without proper financial backing. If you have the capability, please consider donating using the links below:

<div align="center">

[![Donate via Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-patreon-orange.svg?style=flat-square&logo=patreon")](https://www.patreon.com/rootsdev)
[![Donate via PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-blue.svg?style=flat-square&logo=paypal)](https://www.paypal.me/rootsdev)

</div>

## Overview

Bedrock is a modern WordPress stack that helps you get started with the best development tools and project structure.

Much of the philosophy behind Bedrock is inspired by the [Twelve-Factor App](http://12factor.net/) methodology including the [WordPress specific version](https://roots.io/twelve-factor-wordpress/).

## Features

- Better folder structure
- Dependency management with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org)
- Easy WordPress configuration with environment specific files
- Environment variables with [Dotenv](https://github.com/vlucas/phpdotenv)
- Autoloader for mu-plugins (use regular plugins as mu-plugins)
- Enhanced security (separated web root and secure passwords with [wp-password-bcrypt](https://github.com/roots/wp-password-bcrypt))

## Requirements

- PHP >= 7.1
- Composer - [Install](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx)

## Installation

1. Create a new project:
   ```sh
   $ composer create-project roots/bedrock
   ```
2. Update environment variables in the `.env` file. Wrap values that may contain non-alphanumeric characters with quotes, or they may be incorrectly parsed.

- Database variables
  - `DB_NAME` - Database name
  - `DB_USER` - Database user
  - `DB_PASSWORD` - Database password
  - `DB_HOST` - Database host
  - Optionally, you can define `DATABASE_URL` for using a DSN instead of using the variables above (e.g. `mysql://user:password@127.0.0.1:3306/db_name`)
- `WP_ENV` - Set to environment (`development`, `staging`, `production`)
- `WP_HOME` - Full URL to WordPress home (https://example.com)
- `WP_SITEURL` - Full URL to WordPress including subdirectory (https://example.com/wp)
- `AUTH_KEY`, `SECURE_AUTH_KEY`, `LOGGED_IN_KEY`, `NONCE_KEY`, `AUTH_SALT`, `SECURE_AUTH_SALT`, `LOGGED_IN_SALT`, `NONCE_SALT`
  - Generate with [wp-cli-dotenv-command](https://github.com/aaemnnosttv/wp-cli-dotenv-command)
  - Generate with [our WordPress salts generator](https://roots.io/salts.html)

3. Add theme(s) in `web/app/themes/` as you would for a normal WordPress site
4. Set the document root on your webserver to Bedrock's `web` folder: `/path/to/site/web/`
5. Access WordPress admin at `https://example.com/wp/wp-admin/`

## Documentation

Bedrock documentation is available at [https://roots.io/docs/bedrock/master/installation/](https://roots.io/docs/bedrock/master/installation/).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome from everyone. We have [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/roots/guidelines/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to help you get started.

## Bedrock sponsors

Help support our open-source development efforts by [becoming a patron](https://www.patreon.com/rootsdev).

<a href="https://kinsta.com/?kaid=OFDHAJIXUDIV"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/kinsta.svg" alt="Kinsta" width="200" height="150"></a> <a href="https://k-m.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/km-digital.svg" alt="KM Digital" width="200" height="150"></a> <a href="https://carrot.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/carrot.svg" alt="Carrot" width="200" height="150"></a> <a href="https://www.c21redwood.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/c21redwood.svg" alt="C21 Redwood Realty" width="200" height="150"></a> <a href="https://wordpress.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/wordpress.svg" alt="WordPress.com" width="200" height="150"></a> <a href="https://pantheon.io/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/pantheon.svg" alt="Pantheon" width="200" height="150"></a>

## Community

Keep track of development and community news.

- Participate on the [Roots Discourse](https://discourse.roots.io/)
- Follow [@rootswp on Twitter](https://twitter.com/rootswp)
- Read and subscribe to the [Roots Blog](https://roots.io/blog/)
- Subscribe to the [Roots Newsletter](https://roots.io/subscribe/)
- Listen to the [Roots Radio podcast](https://roots.io/podcast/)

Commit message:

chore: bump bedrock from 1.17.1 to 1.21.1

site/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://roots.io/bedrock/">
    <img alt="Bedrock" src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/logo-bedrock.svg" height="100">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="LICENSE.md">
    <img alt="MIT License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/roots/bedrock?color=%23525ddc&style=flat-square" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/roots/bedrock">
    <img alt="Packagist" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/roots/bedrock.svg?style=flat-square" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://github.com/roots/bedrock/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/roots/bedrock/CI?style=flat-square" />
  </a>

  <a href="https://twitter.com/rootswp">
    <img alt="Follow Roots" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/rootswp.svg?style=flat-square&color=1da1f2" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>A modern WordPress stack</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://roots.io/"><strong><code>Website</code></strong></a> &nbsp;&nbsp; <a href="https://docs.roots.io/bedrock/master/installation/"><strong><code>Documentation</code></strong></a> &nbsp;&nbsp; <a href="https://github.com/roots/bedrock/releases"><strong><code>Releases</code></strong></a> &nbsp;&nbsp; <a href="https://discourse.roots.io/"><strong><code>Support</code></strong></a>
</p>

## Sponsors

**Bedrock** is an open source project and completely free to use.

However, the amount of effort needed to maintain and develop new features and products within the Roots ecosystem is not sustainable without proper financial backing. If you have the capability, please consider [sponsoring Roots](https://github.com/sponsors/roots).

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/sponsors/roots"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/sponsor%20roots-525ddc?logo=github&logoColor=ffffff&message=" alt="Sponsor Roots"></a></p>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://k-m.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/km-digital.svg" alt="KM Digital" width="148" height="111"></a> <a href="https://carrot.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/carrot.svg" alt="Carrot" width="148" height="111"></a> <a href="https://wordpress.com/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/wordpress.svg" alt="WordPress.com" width="148" height="111"></a> <a href="https://pantheon.io/"><img src="https://cdn.roots.io/app/uploads/pantheon.svg" alt="Pantheon" width="148" height="111"></a>
</div>

## Overview

Bedrock is a modern WordPress stack that helps you get started with the best development tools and project structure.

Much of the philosophy behind Bedrock is inspired by the [Twelve-Factor App](http://12factor.net/) methodology including the [WordPress specific version](https://roots.io/twelve-factor-wordpress/).

## Features

- Better folder structure
- Dependency management with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org)
- Easy WordPress configuration with environment specific files
- Environment variables with [Dotenv](https://github.com/vlucas/phpdotenv)
- Autoloader for mu-plugins (use regular plugins as mu-plugins)
- Enhanced security (separated web root and secure passwords with [wp-password-bcrypt](https://github.com/roots/wp-password-bcrypt))

## Requirements

- PHP >= 7.4
- Composer - [Install](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx)

## Installation

1. Create a new project:
   ```sh
   $ composer create-project roots/bedrock
   ```
   By default, this installs the `dist` version of all dependent packages.  To install the `source` versions instead, update `composer.json` as follows:
   ```json
    "preferred-install": {
      "roots/wordpress-no-content": "dist",
      "*": "source"
    },
   ```
2. Update environment variables in the `.env` file. Wrap values that may contain non-alphanumeric characters with quotes, or they may be incorrectly parsed.

- Database variables
  - `DB_NAME` - Database name
  - `DB_USER` - Database user
  - `DB_PASSWORD` - Database password
  - `DB_HOST` - Database host
  - Optionally, you can define `DATABASE_URL` for using a DSN instead of using the variables above (e.g. `mysql://user:password@127.0.0.1:3306/db_name`)
- `WP_ENV` - Set to environment (`development`, `staging`, `production`)
- `WP_HOME` - Full URL to WordPress home (https://example.com)
- `WP_SITEURL` - Full URL to WordPress including subdirectory (https://example.com/wp)
- `AUTH_KEY`, `SECURE_AUTH_KEY`, `LOGGED_IN_KEY`, `NONCE_KEY`, `AUTH_SALT`, `SECURE_AUTH_SALT`, `LOGGED_IN_SALT`, `NONCE_SALT`
  - Generate with [wp-cli-dotenv-command](https://github.com/aaemnnosttv/wp-cli-dotenv-command)
  - Generate with [our WordPress salts generator](https://roots.io/salts.html)

3. Add theme(s) in `web/app/themes/` as you would for a normal WordPress site
4. Set the document root on your webserver to Bedrock's `web` folder: `/path/to/site/web/`
5. Access WordPress admin at `https://example.com/wp/wp-admin/`

## Community

Keep track of development and community news.

- Join us on Discord by [sponsoring us on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/roots)
- Participate on the [Roots Discourse](https://discourse.roots.io/)
- Follow [@rootswp on Twitter](https://twitter.com/rootswp)
- Read and subscribe to the [Roots Blog](https://roots.io/blog/)
- Subscribe to the [Roots Newsletter](https://roots.io/subscribe/)
